But then you will
I've seen that profile
So, you're pretty young.
Only 19 years old
You have to think clearly
Don't be impulsive
I've made my decision.
No return
Without my life
Only two people can fight
Yeah, it's fine.
Hey okay
Sleep, mom, I want to sleep with you
Okay, okay, dad will sleep with you today?
Just the two of us.
Mom, I love you.
You are the best mother in the world
I will always be with you
Never separate
OK
Mom loves you too, right?
What does Xiaohui want to do when she grows up?
I want to be a police officer.
I will arrest anyone who dares to bully my sister
So good, what about that one?
Brother is not in good health
I want to be a doctor to cure my brother's illness
Awesome come
Play with you
Count you
Xiaoguang is finally saved now